Like I said in the very beginning of
our time together, there are a bunch
of stuff with storybook that is really
great for building a design system.
And I think really great like
a don't think enough is spilled
on the implementation of a design system
and how to go about thinking about that.
If one hypothetically signed on to
do this workshop and said, hey,
I'm gonna buy a bunch of books
on design systems just to read
up on the topic outside my own experience.
One will find out that every book written
on design systems as far as I can tell
from my Amazon orders are written
by designers, for designers, and
potentially mostly like pitching the value
prop of why you should have one.
There's like some of these books
are literally how to convince upper
management to let you do this.
>> And then when it comes time to be an
engineer on the receiving end, good luck.
Right.
And one of the things that I
think a lot about is like one,
some of these things like.
You have a design system whether
you know it or not, right?
You have components in the modern era that
you've broken down to some level maybe not
enough, but some right and part of it
is like building out the tooling so
you can work well with your
design partners, right?
Also so that it's so easy to like jam
everything into one component and
not separate out your
you know what I mean?
Like the act of these things are we
do it in the name of a design system.
And then I think what you find
out is like your just general
day-to-day engineering is
also benefited by isolating
stuff into individual components
that take a bunch of props.
And having the ability to run tests on
every given variation because you broke
it out into stories, like you end up doing
good things for your code that like,
on our best days, we all should do.
But like having that kind of process and
having it be an official thing,
I think in a lot of ways makes it easier
for a whole bunch of best practices.
Like, yeah, do we start using a storybook
because we said to ourselves,
we're going to build
a component library because we,
it's like we had like,
we have this folder full of components.
It's a component library now.
We gave it a cute name.
And that's when we were like, let's put
in the storybook and all of those things.
And then it's like,
we're going to build a component well,
we can run component tests.
We just finished another accessibility
audit, we can run the accessibility tests.
That's cool.
We can do all these other
checks on stuff as well.
That's really good.
Even some of those things of pulling in
stuff from our CMS because we had some of
the foundations in there and it becomes
useful whether or not, because again,
you have the components,
you break them all the time.
One CSS change can cause chaos.
That there are parts of your code base
that you are terrified of being factor.
Now that I've got some sanity,
I need to go deal with my
own button component, right?
But I will do that in storybook.
I will do it with a visual origin and
testing.
I will do that like with all these tools
cuz they make it easier than the way
that I would have done it before.
And I think a lot of those patterns
become incredibly powerful as well.
And then also you get the other
piece of the consistency there,
which is when you have a design system,
it makes you make better choices?
Also helps your buddy on the design team,
like not just, it's very easy for
them to draw a different rank,
rectangle and call it a button.
It's a lot easier than it is for
us to write it in code and
kind of having an organized catalog of
all the components you have access to,
because nobody means to do that.
They just didn't even know you had that
component because there was no organized
system for it whatsoever.
The act of creating it makes you more
productive, makes your testing easier,
makes development.
I love me that second monitor
with some storybook in it.
But then it also like, the designs that
made one new button table are going to
put, that's slightly different than
the one you had to do that on purpose that
didn't know that seven files over you
had this thing from three years ago.
You know what I mean?
You didn't even know either, right?
And so the idea of cataloging it and like
being honest with yourself that you have
a design system, even if you don't have a
design system team, your company, I think,
encourages best day a better
day to day practices.
Testing all the other like
less glamorous stuff as well.
Thank you all so much.
Woo.
Thank.
>> [APPLAUSE]